today most sites are built and improved
based on hunches and guesses but maybe
we just don't need to guess anymore take
pot jar instead of guessing what
motivates our users behavior you can now
see which bits of your site they love
where they click tap move how far they
scroll and what they totally ignore and
by playing videos of your visitors it's
as if you're watching the screen over
their shoulder so you can see what turns
them off your site and causes a Bandhan
minute but it doesn't end there you can
also ask questions directly to your
visitors ultimately this means you can
optimize your websites user experience
prioritizing content that needs
attention for quick and effective
results overall hot jars range of
features gives you access to solid proof
about your users behavior so wave
goodbye to old-fashioned guesswork hot
jar all-in-one analytics and feedback